c:\users\malmos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\bin\Debug\playerlayout.exe.config
c:\users\malmos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\bin\Debug\playerlayout.exe
c:\users\malmos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\bin\Debug\playerlayout.pdb
c:\users\malmos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\malmos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\malmos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\malmos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\malmos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\malmos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout.g.resources
c:\users\malmos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\malmos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\malmos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout.exe
c:\users\malmos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout.pdb
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\Settings.baml
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\Styles\ZurgSkin.baml
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\Styles\NormalSkin.baml
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\Styles\ProtossSkin.baml
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\Styles\TerranSkin.baml
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\bin\Debug\playerlayout.exe.config
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout.exe
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout.pdb
<<<<<<< HEAD
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\bin\Debug\playerlayout.exe
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\bin\Debug\playerlayout.pdb
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\Settings.baml
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\Styles\NormalSkin.baml
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\Styles\ProtossSkin.baml
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\Styles\TerranSkin.baml
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\Styles\ZurgSkin.baml
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout.g.resources
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Malmos\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
=======
C:\Users\Michael O\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\bin\Debug\playerlayout.exe.config
C:\Users\Michael O\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout.exe
C:\Users\Michael O\Documents\GitHub\Semester-Projekt---PC-Program\playerlayout\playerlayout\obj\Debug\playerlayout.pdb
>>>>>>> 30df84ef4dd5ade1bfdf7227627aabf90b4b5b67
